The New York Housing Authority
is the largest land lord in North America.
It houses 1 in 14 New Yorkers,
and over 400,000 of those residents live
at campuses around New York City.
We’re investing $3 billion to repair
damage from Hurricane Sandy
and install resilience measures
that are in line with the New York City Panel on
Climate Change and what their projections are.
So this is a site plan of Coney Island Houses.
The colored elements are the resilience elements
that we’re installing as part of the project.
At Coney Island Houses, Sandy knocked out
the electrical systems, the
mechanical systems and the boilers
which were in the basement of
the building right behind me.
What we’re doing now is we want
to protect this development
so the residents don’t have to worry
about that happening ever again.
What that means is raising all of the
critical infrastructure for the buildings—
the electricity, the heat and hot water—
well above the design flood elevation.
And also being forward looking,
accounting for 2.5 feet of sea-level rise.
One other piece of resilient infrastructure
that’s being installed at this development
is roof-top generators.
These generators will provide full back-up power.
That means that residents in these buildings will be
protected from any power outage in the future.
It’s also going to allow NYCHA to enroll
these buildings in Demand Response.
Demand Response is a program utilities have
so that if there’s a very hot day and
everybody’s using their air conditioners,
they can ask NYCHA to take these buildings off the grid.
The buildings will still have their full power.
And then the grid will have a little more
capacity for the other folks in the neighborhood.
So these are commitments the Agency
is making because it’s recognizing that
climate change is going to impact
how the Agency does business
It’s going to impact how our residents live their lives.
And we want to make sure that buildings are prepared
to withstand these changes.